Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- That's good.
- How's Bullock doing?
I don't discuss my patients,
one with another.
Bleeding through his fucking ear?
He was bleeding through it
pretty fucking good...
out there in the thoroughfare.
Tell me about that other department.
Inform that fucking lunatic
next you see him...
I'm fit as a fucking fiddle
and ready to play on.
Inform me, Al...
to what mark in your piss-pot
did you fill?
The volume was adequate.
I didn't check the mark.
Any discharge of gleets,
burning or soreness?
I got your suit back from Mr...
It's kind of
aromafied from that solvent.
Why don't you let it cure in the air
for a while, huh, Johnny?
Not on the balcony.
Not on the fucking balcony.
Gleets, burning, soreness?
He's come back to my hotel.
Bullock.
Upstairs to the widow.
I can't say if they're in rut.
I didn't linger
for the song of the bedstead.
Let me go check
on those fucking whores.
No more in that department.
That fucking discussion is over.
I was relieved Mr Star and Mr Utter
weren't more badly injured.
Yes.
I hope my coming to your store
caused no awkwardness.
It was kind of you,
bringing that basket for my family.
May I ask if you had been aware
their arrival was so imminent?
No.
She had written that William
seemed entirely recovered...
but no mention of intending to travel.
He's handsome...
your brother's son.
He's a fine boy.
I would so like to see to your injuries...
however superficially.
My proposal would be
we leave the camp immediately...
or remain and sever connection.
A choice for me to make?
Yes. I don't seek to absolve myself.
I don't believe I'm to be relied upon
for good judgement.
Or even for an account
of your own feelings?
I only know...
that for us to stay
and not sever connection...
would add lying to her humiliation,
renew her humiliation daily.
Yes, I understand.
- You say I must choose immediately?
- Tonight.
Well, I'd need some part of tonight
to consider.
Yes.
Others are involved for me as well.
I'll come back in a few hours.
Be very careful in the interim,
Mr Bullock.
- All right.
- Be careful.
...two, fucking three.
Easy.
- A lovely family, the Bullocks.
- Grand.
Looked forward all this while
and meet them with my load on.
Easy does it. Easy.
...two, fucking three!
- Thank you, Mr Utter.
- Okay.
Much obliged, Mr Merrick.
I got him.
Look the fuck out.
I ought probably to get some weapons.
Why?
What?
Why would you?
Maybe you didn't notice
Bullock was without his gun.
No, I did.
Perhaps with the ringing in your ears...
you didn't hear Mr Bullock say
he'd get his old weapon back.
You think maybe a new one
might be useful to Bullock...
arranging his old one's return?
And more backing his position?
- May I have a word with Sol?
- Sure.
- Will you mind if I hang around awhile?
- Fuck, no.
Self-deluding, interfering motherfucker.
I'm sorry you got shot.
A man like me gets used to it.
If it had came to it, I'd have seen
to dissolving the partnership...
sending your mother the proceeds.
- Why would I expect otherwise?
- And I know you'd do the same.
What are you thinking of?
Along with any funds I might forward.
From the afterlife, you mean?
Any funds I'd send subsequent...
I know you'd administer
in their interest...
Martha and the boy.
Yes, you're correct.
What are you fucking thinking of?
What we've built and been through...
you don't get to walk away
without saying why.
You know why.
That don't mean you don't have to say it.
I'm sick of knowing and you not saying.
I love her.
Good! You fucking said it.
And now I get to tell you you're wrong.
You loved her these months and stayed.
It ain't love that'd make you run,
but shame.
Now let me ask you this...
you think shame would end
when you cleared the fucking camp?
It's shameful either way, Sol.
It's life either way, Seth.
I'm sorry you got shot.
Well, I am, too, but I like being loaded.
I like telling you what the fuck I think,
you cocksucker.
I know you'll see to their interest.
Yes, I will, you cocksucker!
And I like saying "cocksucker. "
What the fuck do you think of that?
Want a fast blowjob?
What?
Quick, open-air blowjob.
No, thank you.
- Bullock.
- Charlie.
Maybe Mr Star will want one.
Thanks for going against orders.
Oh, I'll tell you,
I got such a fucking ringing in my ears.
Thanks for taking my back before.
Oh, you're welcome.
I'll bet your wife and son are overtook
by that lovely home you built them.
And what did that boy say about a crick
in his own front yard?
And that's a fine appearance he makes.
And if you don't mind my saying,
she is one striking woman, Mrs Bullock.
Sense of dignified...
and upright.
Thank you.
Anyways, where the fuck you headed?
To get my things from Al Swearengen.
Oh.
Maybe for a word with Dan Dority, too.
Gave me this fucking headache.
To the Gem then?
Jesus Christ.
I'm faint.
A faintness come over me.
Oh, Jesus.
That's a light-headed fucking sensation.
Did you want to go to your place?
Maybe I should.
Maybe that's the fucking
prudent course.
Give me some weight.
Come on.
Yeah, to not keel forward...
and drown in fucking horseshit.
How are you feeling?
Things are a little wavy-like
before my eyes.
Fuck the Gem. Gem'll fucking wait.
What it's worth,
Yankton's afraid of Bullock.
Don't say no more.
Refrain from explaining yourself.
Till Congress approves...
nothing's to say the hills
get made part of Dakota.
Far as that...
Montana's got pull, Dakota don't.
Montana's got silver for bribes.
And a thieving Indian agent's
all that fucking Dakota's got.
It ain't fucking fresh money to the game.
And how does that argue
for Bullock living or dying?
Yankton thinks Bullock's
Montana's man.
On what basis?
He was favourite of a judge in Helena.
They wanted him in politics.
They figure he's a stalking horse here
for the judge's interest.
Then Yankton's got their head
up their fucking asses...
if they think Bullock's anybody's man.
Hell, Bullock himself don't even know
whose man he is.
In the thoroughfare,
as I readied to stab the cocksucker...
did you have no impulse to hint at this?
Moment didn't seem right.
Over time, your quickness
with a cocky rejoinder...
must have gotten you
many punches in the face.
Depends what you call "many. "
There's another fucking clever one.
To Yankton's thinking...
would Bullock dead
curb Montana's interests...
or incite them to a stronger expression?
I don't know.
If he's spoiling to mix it with us further
I may get a chance to find out.
He will leave with me...
if I tell him that's my wish.
As to what our life would be,
that's another question.
I would say, ma'am,
it might be like living atop a volcano.
- That's been done, Miss Isringhausen.
- Certainly.
And with a good deal of excitement,
I should think.
A sense of high adventure every day.
And, of course, danger.
As to excitement, would you possibly...
add happiness?
Why not, Mrs Garret?
- Please don't be angry with me, ma'am.
- No.
We do love each other.
Our being together ought not to seem
so outlandish a proposition.
No, ma'am.
Except for every other single thing.
Clear it out of there.
Oh, boy.
Yeah, there you go.
Thank you, thank you, Bullock.
- All right.
- I'm next to completely collected.
Three separate occasions
I've been shot at, hit...
and fought on.
And now, a miss takes my equilibrium.
Anyways...
- You want to get to the Gem, huh?
- Yeah.
Why?
I told you why.
I mean why just this instant...
say, different from later a little while...
when a friend could back your play?
I mean,
someplace you need to get to after that?
I got the elements stored in the back.
I hope to Christ you do.
Come in.
Don't anyone bolt for freedom.
Kept accumulating them secret
so Cy wouldn't think I was proceeding.
Well, well, well.
There's the wallpaper you sent, Maddie.
Yes, ma'am.
Ladies, why don't you put your attention
to some of the lighter furniture...
and we'll hire some great minds
to do the heavy lifting?
Roll up your sleeves, Doris.
Hard work dispels worry.
I pray to God your shoulder pain's...
like some sharp-toothed creature's
inside chewing at it and gnawing.
How did I give offence?
No one needs feeling as good as
you'd feel otherwise.
I say it from...
fucking experience.
And I didn't need
the fucking activity today...
and the fucking crises.
I prefer sucking prick
is the fucking short of it.
I'd settle for a vigorous handholding.
You are a funny fucking Jew.
And type that insinuates himself.
General principle...
I believe in fostering people's tries
at improving their selves...
and I think you all also know
that I got a special fondness...
for Joanie Stubbs.
And if those things wasn't true...
in this camp, at this precise juncture,
I, Cy Tolliver...
would not have backed...
an exclusively high-end
whoring operation...
at the far fucking end of the camp,
without concealed access for its trade.
But, be that as it may...
and wishing Joanie Godspeed...
this congregation gathers
so that I can assure each of you...
that our operation
here at the Bella Union...
is organised exactly...
to capitalise
on what this camp is ready for...
and for what it's going to become.
I want each of you...
to take one of these...
as a gesture of optimism and good will.
Keep your fucking distance!
Remain on your side of the street!
Do not interfere with me in any way!
Chinese cocksuckers!
Jesus.
Well, you are an entangled inebriate,
are you not?
This happens to be
a rig and contraption...
of my own devising...
against repeated accidental falls...
that has temporarily malfunctioned.
Very well knotted.
I'm back in camp, Cochran...
'cause I'm dying...
and I need a place
to breathe my fucking last...
and not for
no human aid or consolation.
Jesus Christ,
you're bad with your hands!
If I wasn't practically fucking dead,
I'd reach that knife...
and cut myself free.
Yeah, I just farted. So what?
Hey! Don't you...
disarm me, you cocksucker!
Lift me up so I can cut myself free.
All right, you ready?
All right now, give me that other hand.
Now...
step inside...
and let me examine you,
even if you are past help.
Enhancing my understanding
may allow others the benefit...
of your mortal illness.
- Do you mock me, cocksucker?
- No.
Come on inside.
All right...
- there we go.
- Promise when I'm dead...
you'll plant me
with a view of where Bill is.
He couldn't have meant that,
not possibly.
Well, I shouldn't have thought so.
You don't believe he imagines,
were he and I to go...
I'd leave Sofia behind?
I can't be certain, Mrs Garret.
I didn't hear him speak.
Because others
rescued her and nursed her...
is the idea that
she belongs to the camp?
Are we some sort of
vicious, filthy outpost of Brook Farm?
She's been with me for seven months.
She's a part of my life as I am of hers.
He couldn't have.
I will not.
Jane, for me...
the female breast has long ago
lost all mystery or allure.
Open your goddamn blouse.
I'm keeping my eyes shut...
but I'll know every fucking move
you make!
I'll have you further promise...
that you won't...
forage in my remains after I'm dead...
as you obviously don't scruple
from that type of sick behaviour.
I promise.
All right, sit up if you're not too drunk.
Your liver runs from your chin...
to your genitals.
So I suggest you quit drinking.
I will when you do,
you ugly son of a bitch.
Nature...
is a forgiving mistress...
and you might could have
some time to fill...
before she collects her due.
As if I'd credit any opinions of yours
on the subject of health.
Well, if you do care
to sojourn among us...
Charlie Utter has put aside
a room for you at the freight building.
Does he have any animals in there?
Fort Cooper...
on the Butterfield Stage Route.
I know that fort. On the Brazos.
That's where I found him.
I was 13.
He had to send me back.
But...
we had a...
good talk before I left.
Probably I'd have come
looking for him again, but...
next year was the war.
Robert was cavalry.
No way to locate where he was.
The fucking war had
everyone all over everywhere.
We wrote.
Less after my father passed
and I headed to Montana.
I had letters when he married...
when they had their boy.
And we'd threaten visits.
When I finally did come to Fort Quitman
where Robert was posted...
and met Martha...
and William...
Robert wasn't there. He was...
following back some raid
across the Rio Grande.
I let it wait too long.
He got shot and killed in Mexico...
and was buried there.
Fucking Mexico.
Went down, found him...
and brought him back.
Wrong to let him lay there...
unless you're a Mexican.
My bowels are in a upheaval.
I'll walk off to pass wind.
Don't ever say
I'm not a fucking gentleman.
Fuck you two.
Number 10...
ruled me off, the round-eyed toad.
Cocksucker.
My concern,
past your physical well-being...
is what the dispute portends.
Yeah, I don't know.
Is it settled between you two...
or still unresolved?
I don't fucking know.
- Your ribs are hurting, ain't they?
- Yeah, they fucking hurt.
Well, I always believed,
of his sufferings on the cross...
his busted ribs
would have hurt him the worst.
Hey, Adams? Cutthroat friend.
And I thought you was in Florida...
having your belly rubbed by a Seminole.
What the fuck?
You ain't going to believe
what happened to me, boss.
Kate Hogranch is part of this story
and fucking that half-breed?
Go ahead and try me.
That's not the stop that detained me.
I'm past my fill of this shit.
Next time don't fucking catch up.
Guess the day
of the Samaritan's passed.
Stopped to help stranded sisters. Hi.
Severe reprimand.
Them two
seem disputatious as well, huh?
Storm clouds gather.
Think you about got her
clean there, Hoss.
Another fucking clever one.
You know, I bet when
you and your partner's out on the trail...
when you ain't greasing poles
and choosing who's going to be rider...
I bet you and him just bust each other's
guts with your little fucking funnies.
Well, we do laugh some about you-
Let's hear a belly giggle now,
you cocksucker.
No.
God damn it!
Christ, that's one country ass-kicking!
Shut your fucking mouth!
Oh, you just 12-pointed Slippery Dan.
Next one is to your head, Dan.
Do not doubt me.
Well, that's just fucking great.
That's fucking beautiful.
Feels like a cannonball up my ass.
Fellow in Livingston went sweet on me.
Finnish fellow from Finland.
Hardly spoke fucking English.
Brought me flowers...
and some dry food they like there.
And, one night...
he takes my arm, and he starts in...
and he whispers in his Finland accent:
"I want to suck your cock. "
What do you fucking think of that?
I missed the end part, Jane.
Can't practically hear fuck-all.
A fucking bullet near creased my ear.
It didn't do your face
no fucking favours neither.
- Yeah.
- Put him to sleep.
- I got to go.
- No, wait.
Wait.
- Let me get weapons.
- For what?
I told you,
we was involved in a falling-out.
I guess, hostilities...
may be about to resume.
You going to tell me now
who it was with?
Swearengen.
The limey cocksucker
nearly did for a little one?
Why the fuck was you
withholding that information?
In the futile hope of preventing you
roiling the fucking waters.
How is that little one
the limey cocksucker nearly killed?
Still in the care of the widow Garret?
I'll have my badge and gun back.
Well...
go get the fucking weapons
for us to back him, Charlie.
Let me just wake my fucking watchman.
Alcoholic encephalopathy.
Wet brain.
$5.
Anything else I can do for you, boss?
Keep up.
Just save your fucking words, Al.
Don't waste your precious time.
You got any orders, you just
send Adams and he can deliver them.
You chose!
You took his fucking part!
As was right and fucking proper
at the time.
Yeah, but you pointed
the fucking gun at me!
And persuaded you I'd use it
in order that I didn't need to.
Dan.
Where you or me would have...
slammed that hoople up,
planted him back...
and twisted the cocksucker...
till all the points of that buck's rack
showed out of his chest...
and then done it twice more in case
the fuck mistook the first for accident...
what did Adams do?
He fucking walked away.
Different man from you and me.
Whatever lurks ahead...
of grievous abominations and disorder...
you and me walk into it together,
like always.
As you'd never say to Adams?
As I'd never say to Adams.
Send fucking Dolly up, huh?
Yeah, sure thing, boss.
When I first came to this camp...
and for many years before...
I depended on spirits of laudanum.
May I ask against what indisposition?
Various indispositions.
The remedy was invariable.
Caring for Sofia has been a great joy...
and a great freedom.
To give up her care in love's name
or any other...
the selfishness of that...
I'd be too afraid.
- I ain't never seen a man killed like that.
- By God, I'll tell you what, Johnny...
there'd have been
a hell of a lot more than two tines...
sticking through that cocksucker's chest
if it had been me or Al impaling him.
Jesus Christ!
Either Al got God or Dolly just
stuck her thumb back up his ass.
Oh. Now, I'm halfway thinking...
this exaggerates the condition
rather than alleviates it.
If I might should query the Doc...
but then that cocksucker
will only ask after gleets.
Oh, my God, take it out.
Take it out. Remove your fucking thumb.
Why, if I was moving forward
to get away from you...
would you have fucking pursued me?
When I stopped, pressed on yourself
to drive your thumb into my intestine?
Sorry.
Is it a river of blood,
or what the fuck's pouring out of it now?
Nothing.
Close the ass-flap.
The entire area of my fucking asshole
is now one gigantic fucking throb.
I have no idea
what's transpiring in there.
- Shall I suck your prick?
- Please.
Does he want to fucking die?
I understand
that has its fucking appeal...
but not going out a fucking cunt,
taking others fucking with you.
Dulled faculties.
Your fucking stupid fuck
of a stupid fucking partner...
Wants to die?
Help me, Trixie.
Even this now gives me no pleasure.
Swearengen! Be down in five minutes
with my gun and badge!
Start down now, you limey cocksucker!
Allow for getting stuck crawling out
from under the bed!
That Bullock's a fucking strategist,
ain't he?
Sets terms to publicly humiliate me...
and my penalty if I don't comply
is he walks into the bar downstairs...
and takes 15 bullets in the chest.
And that ain't no hooplehead, you know.
Bullock, he's one of those
special fucking cases.
You don't know what in fuck's going on
in their mind.
And he's big with Montana.
Big.
I heard that today.
Because the news earlier from Yankton
and the fucking commissioners...
wasn't adequately confusing.
Not to mention
the fucking telegraph coming in...
and four whores that I don't know
who the fuck they work for.
- Three minutes!
- Shut the fuck up!
I suppose I do fucking understand...
so fucking confused and disgusted
and wanting it to end and...
looking for the blessing
of a quick way out.
Sets himself to a higher
fucking standard than our natures...
and he wants execution
'cause he's failed.
- One minute!
- What the fuck happened to two?
Talk about one person...
fucking up another person's
entire fucking day.
Wait.
- I'd best go over.
- Wait.
You linger awhile.
Do not think of thieving, huh?
Johnny.
Produce that coal-oil-stinking suit.
Unless you'd rather get it for me.
Wish to fuck you two would let me
finish this the way I prefer.
Well, we wish to fuck
you'd find something else to wish for.
Jesus Christ! I'm unarmed.
He's coming. He's detained.
Getting dressed.
Ain't it always a trial
picking out the gown...
best conceals
you fucking pissed yourself?
I recommend the six-shooter...
being this rifle's first recoil's liable
to knock you unconscious with pain.
Thank you.
Selfish cocksucker.
That's not to say,
should the situation deteriorate...
you boys wouldn't open fire
from concealment, huh?
Hardware Jew at less than full force,
now they'll be fucking quaking.
I regret the delay, I was sequestered.
Have been, one thing and another
since last we met.
I also apologise for the stink.
Welcome change
from your usual odour of skunk.
I offer these...
and I hope you'll wear them a good
long fucking time in this fucking camp...
whosever fucking thumb we're under.
And where it come to me,
just a few moments ago...
that the Reverend Smith,
may he rest his soul...
he was found on the road...
apparently murdered by heathens
just some months ago.
What he said on the subject of you,
"Mr Bullock raises a camp up...
"and I hope he'll reside with us...
"and improve our
general fucking atmosphere...
"for a good long fucking time.
"Even with
all the personal complications...
"and fucking disasters
that we all fucking have...
"and where, running away...
"solves absolutely fucking nothing. "
Did you find my hat?
Dolly! You look for the Sheriff's hat.
Remember the Reverend's
half-dead face, that cockeyed look...
like he was the victim
of a lightning stroke?
May she sail it down
or would that be degrading?
- No.
- Toss it, Dolly.
Wish her aim was as good
with her thumb.
When the opportunity offers itself,
please return this to Mr Bullock.
Yes, ma'am.
- Mr Bullock-
- I don't want to talk about it.
As a practical matter...
self-censorship of the rigour
which obtains from this camp...
so muzzles the press
as to make the First Amendment...
- a hollow superfluity.
- Thank you.
- She can situate me.
- All right.
Man says he's finished,
needs to get to his claim.
Four hours' work, he's earned $2.
Says he wants to take it in pussy.
No, you want cash, Elmer, to convert
to pussy at the Gem or Bella Union.
All right, Joanie.
And let it be known in camp, close to
pussy as $2 will get a man in here...
is a deep whiff walking past.
Hey, can I get one of those
and keep my money?
Have at it.
Fan some at him, Rosie,
as he's leaving.
Mother, it's the ocean.
There's a rodent-looking creature
lamping one of your barrels.
Pay him no heed. That's the mayor.
You're tenacious, Merrick,
I'll fucking give you that.
Just tell me how it began.
As to the conflict's genesis,
I'd lay it at cunt's doorstep.
Now, has cunt one "n" and two "t's"
or the other way around?
Jeez, Al.
You solicited the true account.
Within the limits of decency.
You want the decent truth, huh?
I choose to believe that
truth and decency need not be at odds.
Oh, you'll hear no argument from me.
Let it help me accumulate capital,
or at worst, not interfere.
The story is true and decent.
I would define as true and decent
in such endeavour...
the facts rendered fully, within
social standards and sensibilities...
without bias or abridgement.
Why do I imagine
a snake swallowing its tail?
Which is to say...
the economic motive is but one strand
in the social tapestry...
my exemplary account would weave.
Ass-fucking the dirt worshippers being
another is a pleasure beyond gain.
- No, now, now, now, I-
- Wait, was that your heathen imitation?
Jump up and down a few times
and shout out "whoops" as in...
"Whoops, that ass-fucking hurts. "
A more elevated perspective
would construe our conduct...
as white men to be enacting
a manifest destiny.
Whereas the warp, woof, and
fucking weave of my story's tapestry...
would foster
the illusions of further commerce.
Tonight, throughout Deadwood...
heads may be laid to pillow
assuaged and reassured...
for that purveyor for profit
of everything sordid and vicious...
Al Swearengen, already...
beaten to a fare-thee-well
earlier in the day by Sheriff Bullock...
has returned to the Sheriff...
the implements and ornaments
of his office.
Without the tawdry walls
of Swearengen's saloon, the Gem...
decent citizens may pursue
with a new and jaunty freedom...
all aspects of Christian commerce.
In which connection,
we particularly recommend...
And there you'd throw in
the names of a few businesses...
gave you good-sized adverts...
- May I come in with my boots?
- Of course.
- You haven't slept?
- I waited for you.
To show the boy when he awakes,
I've got these back.
I saw that you installed
a bundling board in the bed upstairs.
I did.
I hope you don't mind that I removed it.
No.
A full fair-mindedness requires us
also to report...
that within the Gem,
on Deadwood's main thoroughfare...
comely whores,
decently-priced liquor...
and the squarest games of chance
in the hills...
remain unabatedly available
at all hours, seven days a week.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org